Add Snowflake integration docs (#12816)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/database-access/rotation-note.mdx

<Admonition type="note" title="Certificate Rotation">
  Teleport 10.0 introduced a new certificate authority that is only used by Database Access.

>   Older Teleport versions uses host certificate to sign Database Access certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Older Teleport versions use a host certificate to sign Database Access certificates.
```
